README.md, before:

# Oracle Instant Client Dockerfile

This repository contains **Dockerfiles** of Oracle Instant Client on Ubuntu 16.04.02 LTS for [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)'s [automated build](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle/) published to [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/).

[![Build Type](https://img.shields.io/docker/automated/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client/) [![Total Stars](https://img.shields.io/docker/stars/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client/) [![Total Pulls](https://img.shields.io/docker/pulls/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client.svg?style=flat-square)](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client/) [![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

## Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

* `11.2` [(11.2/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/11.2/Dockerfile)
* `12.1` [(12.1/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/12.1/Dockerfile)
* `12.2` [(12.2/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/12.2/Dockerfile)

## What is Oracle Instant Client?

Free, light-weight and easily installed Oracle Database tools, libraries and SDKs for building and connecting client applications to local or remote Oracle Databases.

## Installation

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

2. Download [automated build](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client/) from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/): 

```bash
docker pull sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client:11.2
```

Commit message:

Oops, it was removed from Docker Hub, ha-ha

README.md, after:

# Oracle Instant Client Dockerfile

This repository contains **Dockerfiles** of Oracle Instant Client on Ubuntu 16.04.02 LTS for [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-brightgreen.svg?style=flat-square)](LICENSE)

## Supported tags and respective `Dockerfile` links

* `11.2` [(11.2/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/11.2/Dockerfile)
* `12.1` [(12.1/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/12.1/Dockerfile)
* `12.2` [(12.2/Dockerfile)](https://github.com/sergeymakinen/docker-oracle-instant-client/blob/master/12.2/Dockerfile)

## What is Oracle Instant Client?

Free, light-weight and easily installed Oracle Database tools, libraries and SDKs for building and connecting client applications to local or remote Oracle Databases.

## Installation

1. Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/).

2. ~~Download [automated build](https://hub.docker.com/r/sergeymakinen/oracle-instant-client/) from [Docker Hub](https://hub.docker.com/).~~ It was removed from Docker Hub, so you have to build it on your own.
